Update beaglebone_blue.md - Python3 empy (#2963)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/flight_controller/beaglebone_blue.md

Run the following commands on the BeagleBone Blue (i.e. via SSH):

1. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   sudo apt-get update
   sudo apt-get install cmake python3-empy=3.3.4_2
   ```

> 1. Clone the PX4 Firmware directly onto the BeagleBone Blue.

Author: FYI Markdown doesn't care - if you put `1.` for all it autonumbers correctly. I tend to do it this way because if you have to move steps later and reorder, you don't have to go through and correct lines that haven't actually changed.

> 3. Clone the PX4 Firmware directly onto the BeagleBone Blue.
> 4. Continue with the [standard build system installation](../dev_setup/dev_env_linux.md).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Clone the PX4 Firmware directly onto the BeagleBone Blue.
1. Continue with the [standard build system installation](../dev_setup/dev_env_linux.md).
```
